- [Tutor] This course is a foundational course
in Spring Integration.
To get the most out of this course
you will need a fluency with Java 8
and the Core Spring Framework
including XML-based dependency injection configuration.
In order to interact
with the hands-on project exercise files
you will need to be able to interact
with a Git repository, cloning and checking out branches
are the important skills here.
Also required are the abilities to compile
and run a maven-based spring application
in a Java friendly, integrated development environment,
such as IntelliJ, NetBeans, or Eclipse.
We will present our code demonstrations using IntelliJ.
However, you can have success
with any major Java-based IDE.
Familiarity with object-oriented design principles
and patterns are required in order to get the most
from the theoretical portions of the course.